In our little basic first application we're working on where we added a couple of components.
We covered a lot of key aspects of our basic angler and how it starts and how to use components.
The basic building block of any angler app but thus far we only output static content.
The server component here that's not super interesting.
We did even more than that in the first section of this course.
So let's change is to output some data which is kind of dynamic at least which is not hard coded into
the template.
Time for some data binding What is data binding.
You could basically translate data binding with communication communication between your types of code
of your component your business logic and the templates or what the user sees because you might have
some result in your type strip code because you fetched something from a server or finished some calculation
which you want to display to the user.
And the only thing the user sees is the template.
So we need some kind of communication between both pieces to be able to really well do something in
our app that is where data mining comes into play because it is responsible for this communication.
We get different ways of communication now for example we want to output data from our types of code
in the HCM all code in the template we can use stringin ablation for this.
You saw this in the first section of course it's the syntax with the double calling braces and then
some property name or some expression in between or property binding we will have a closer look at all
these forms of course in the next lecture or so we will learn what this then is and how it works to
index basically uses these strange square brackets around age female attributes.
But again I will come back to this.
Sometimes though the average direction is interesting too.
If the user clicks a button you can kind of think of the user clicking the button on the template because
again the template is the thing with which the user interacts which he sees and where is also able to
click buttons.
So if we click a button we maybe want to trigger something in our types of code.
So now we need the direction and we can get this direction.
We can react to usery winds with even binding so we can bind to for example a click event to execute
some code whenever it occurs.
And we also have one additional form of data mining where we combine both directions two way data binding
where we are able to react events and output something at the same time might not be super clear how
this works.
But that is what you will now have a detailed look at all four forums in the next lectures